format, language and structure about Hosted Che (#1)
ibuziuk/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/ref_about_hosted_che.adoc

[id="about_hosted_che_{context}"]
= About Hosted Che

Hosted{nbsp}Che is link:https://www.eclipse.org/che/[Eclipse{nbsp}Che] hosted by Red{nbsp}Hat.

> Che server is running on OpenShift{nbsp}Dedicated and user base is spread across multiple OpenShift{nbsp}Online{nbsp}clusters where workspaces are created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Che server is running on OpenShift{nbsp}Dedicated, and the user base is spread across multiple OpenShift{nbsp}Online clusters where workspaces are created.
```

[id="terms-of-service_{context}"]

> == Terms of Service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Terms of service
```

Hosted{nbsp}Che has the following usage limits and terms of service:

> Storage:: `1GB`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Storage:  1 GB
```
* No need for monospace mark-up
* It's not a definition list; normal list (or a table) are better suited

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> RAM:: `3GB`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* RAM: 3 GB
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> CPU:: `6 Cores`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CPU: 6 cores
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Concurrent workspaces:: `1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Concurrent workspaces: 1
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Number of workspaces:: `Unlimited`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Number of workspaces: unlimited
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Number of projects per workspace:: `Unlimited`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Number of projects per workspace: unlimited
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Usage time limit:: `Unlimited`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Usage time limit: none
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Maximum Account Inactivity period:: `30 days`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum account inactivity period: 30 days
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[NOTE]
====

> If a user does not login to Hosted{nbsp}Che for more than 30 days the account will be automatically deprovisioned and all existing workspaces will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hosted{nbsp}Che automatically deprovisions accounts that have been inactive for more than 30 days. All existing workspaces in a deprovisioned account are lost.
```

> In order to start using Hosted{nbsp}Che again, a user will need to re-register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start using Hosted{nbsp}Che again, a user needs to re-register.
```

====

> Workspace Idling time:: `15 minutes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Workspace idling time: 15 minutes
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[NOTE] 
====

> Once started workspace can be used for an unlimited period of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A started workspace can be used for an unlimited period of time.
```

> However, if there are no interactions with IDE workspace will be gracefully stopped after 15 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there are no interactions with the IDE, the workspace is stopped after 15 minutes.
```

====

> Ephemeral mode:: defaults to `Active`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ephemeral mode: defaults to *Active*
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

[NOTE]
====

> In the ephemeral mode workspace has no persistent storage attached. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ephemeral mode, workspaces have no persistent storage attached. 
```

> All changes to the source code will be lost when the workspace is stopped unless they are pushed to a source code repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All content changes are lost when the workspace is stopped unless they are pushed to a source-code repository first.
```

> This is done in order to improve the performance of a workspace startup and file system operations inside the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done to improve the performance of workspace starts and file-system operations in the IDE.
```

> User can disable ephemeral mode using the dedicated toggle during the workspace creation process from the user dashboard.

Reviewer: What toggle? What does it look like, where can I find it?

Author: We are now in an awkward situation, because as it is not specific to Hosted Che, this should be a reference to the user manual. But it is still missing there.

For more information about ephemeral mode, including how to disable it, see link:using-developer-environments-workspaces.html[Using developer environments - workspaces].

Reviewer 2: UD toggle on the workspace creation screen is hosted che specific and I have added `src/main/images/hosted-che/ephemeral-toggle.png` for clarification in the original PR

Author: Okay I still need to fix this last one.

Author: I have reworded it and moved to the creating... procedure the part explaining how to disable ephemeral mode. Is it correct like that @ibuziuk and @rkratky?

Reviewer 2: works for me
